miel
I have placed King Jin under
Zhao has asked for execution after autumn
I have nothing to do with King Jin
His life has nothing to do with me
So good
Don't be confused
Don't care about love
Unafraid of the past
not afraid of the future
I didn't expect you to have some literary talent
There's so much you don't know.
Let me ask you a question.
You answer honestly
Have you been pretending to be a fool?
I was originally in the Red Army
Act as you are
You can fool everyone around
Honey, are you right?
What is the misunderstanding between these two words?
How do you say that the dizzy king means fainting and unknown?
Desolate Emperor
Rather than a silly emperor
Sacrifice between His Majesty's kingdoms
With attendants to persuade the prime minister as never before
Please go to Xiangzhang
The Son of Heaven has no virtue
Shooting people
Famous court
Favorite change of officials
Indiscriminate shooting torture
Kill the imperial family
Now above the temple
Shoot Voruna
The national grass has nourished the world for one hundred and twenty years
The Messenger of Righteousness is only today
Point at him every day and dance at the moment